Updating after a new release of the books:

First do LFS, see the notes there.

In BLFS,

1. update index.html -

1.1 Copy the top parts to create a link for the version just released, up until
    the next version and increment the version in what will be the new link,
    also the version it links to.

1.2 For the previous link, change 'is released' to 'was released'.

2. Copy the current NN.N.html for the new version then edit the new one:

2.1 Increment the id (index.html links to this).

2.2 Change the first line to LFS-NN.N was released on CCYY-MM-DD with correct
    version and date.

2.3 Remove most of the entries - keep one commented as a reminder of what to put
    here.

2.4 Uncomment the 'There are currently no known security vulnerabilities for
    lfs-NN.N.' paragraph.

3. In what has until now been the current NN.N html change the text in the first
   non-italic paragraph to 'which have links to the released books'

4. consolidated.html:

4.1 Copy the current <h2> line to below the commented notes, then change the
    <h2> line *above* it to refer to the versions of the new release and the
    next release.

4.2 Uncomment "There are currently no known security vulnerabilities..."

4.3 Update the versions in the 'Editors:' comment about pointing to the
    development books until after the release.

4.4 For each update in what is now the previous release, change the links
    to point to the absolute version which we have just released.
    For BLFS : svn -> NN.N, systemd -> NN.NN-systemd.
    For LFS : development -> NN.N, systemd -> NN.NN-systemd.
    These links will need to be checked after committing because the
    releases are not in the same repository.

4.5 Change all 'using the instructions from the development book for' to
    'using the instructions for'. After that, check for all uncommented
    'developmet' references and remove: Python advisories have slightly
    different wording emphasising people should look at the BLFS book,
    any other LFS advisories should now mention 'the LFS book'.

Review all except item 4.4, add new page, commit, review item 4.4 and fix
if defective.




